# ADM
There are 3 diff folders namely Data Generation, Data Cleaning and CQL implementation in which there are multiple files in each folders for the respective work of generating the data from the scratch, cleaning the same and then uploading the data in cloud and  implementing the CQL queries on them.
The  reference  domain  concerns  a  Metro  public  transportation  service.  In  this  context,  we  are interested  in  a  mobile  application  that  works  as  a  data  recorder  for  vehicles.  The  application  uses mobile  data  connections  to  send  information  to  servers  in  real time.  Data  are  stored  and  are  not managed as a stream. The information includes measurements such as the location and speed of the vehicles.  Typical  workloads  mix  together  write  and  read  operations.  The  aim  of  this  project  is  the design and the implementation of the distributed data management layer for the mobile application. To  this  aim,  we  choose  Cassandra  as  reference  technology  and  we  rely  on  CQL  for  workload implementation. Our mobile application needs workload both read and write operations. Cassandra provides very good performance for both kinds of operations.The  mobile  application  needs  a  database  containing  data  about  drivers,  railway  vehicles,  time table, availability of drivers and vehicles, and current position and speed of vehicles (Data Point).The deployment of the application and the test database should involve a cluster of machines. The infrastructure team has agreed to the following Availability requirements: aStrong Availability for 100% of the data must be provided when one node is down.Theproductteamhasagreedtothefollowingconsistencyrequirements:•Readingdriverandvehicledatamustbestronglyconsistent;•Reading Data Point and other data may be eventuallyconsistent.We will start by desgning the conceptual schema of this probleme, than we will identify its workload, and based on the results of this two steps and cassendra specification we will deseign the logical schema using query-driven design.Afetr desgning the database layer, we are going to generate a database based on a real information of london metro, then implement the requeried workload using CQL.
